---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tfmigrate_stack_migration Resource - tfmigrate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Defines a resource for migrating existing HCP Terraform workspaces to deployments within a non-VCS stack. Each workspace maps one-to-one with a stack deployment. The resource uploads configuration files to the stack and monitors the upload and deployment status.
---

# tfmigrate_stack_migration (Resource)

Defines a resource for migrating existing HCP Terraform workspaces to deployments within a non-VCS stack. Each workspace maps one-to-one with a stack deployment. The resource uploads configuration files to the stack and monitors the upload and deployment status.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config_file_dir` (String) The directory path containing configuration files. Must be an absolute path.
- `name` (String) The stack name. Must be unique within the organization and project, must be a non-VCS driven stack.

### Optional

- `organization` (String) The organization name to which the stack belongs. This must reference an existing organization. Either this attribute or the TFE_ORGANIZATION environment variable is required; if both are set, the attribute value takes precedence.
- `project` (String) The project name to which the stack belongs. This must reference an existing project. Either this attribute or the TFE_PROJECT environment variable is required; if both are set, the attribute value takes precedence.

### Read-Only

- `current_configuration_id` (String) The ID of the current stack configuration. This is used to track the current configuration of the stack.
- `current_configuration_status` (String) The status of the stack configuration. This is used to track the status of the stack configuration upload.
- `source_bundle_hash` (String) The hash of the configuration files in the directory. This is used to detect changes in the stack configuration files.
